So here, we created a dynamic page.
Your next exercise, Is, and
I talked a little bit
about dynamic pages here.
Just like we create things dynamically
with directives, computed, watchers,
we can create dynamic pages in our app.
And our next exercise is we've made
dynamic routes based on ids and
brought in the computer property.
It has all the data for them.
It's now your job to add and style
the item to give them user information.
So you can look at this
final result Here and
kind of see what sections and
things are laid out in the page, right?
But you can't actually see it because it's
prod, you can't see all of the components
or anything, but you can kinda see where I
used what kinda styling tags and things,
details, options, things like that,
add to cart and things like that.
Don't worry about the Adding to cart
functionality yet, but I do want you to
see if you can gather some data in so
that we can put it to the cart.
So start to think about like if you have
three in the count that this number
gives you a combined price and
things like that so
that we can add that to the cart.
So I have a few hints here,
that's you can look at
the styles there and you're on
the hook to building the grid part of this
because I want you to get used to that.
So I did make you a CSS Grid Generator.
So you can use the CSS Grid Generator
to create grids and columns.
You can even make special things like that
and then I say please get some code and
you can copy to clipboard
shows you all of that stuff.
So I tried to make it a little easier for
you where you can generate that stuff and
don't forget accessibility.
When we're working with the form,
use some accessibility bits.
Okay, so in this next section,
you're going to fill out that
ID page with the information given to you
from all of those pieces that we have.
We have all of the pieces
that you need to get started.